README.md, before:

# Tretton37 Assignment on an Employee Directory

This project includes the following functionalities.

### The base app layout with employee contact information rendered with data from the API

### Responsive design to limited sizes(4-column, 3-column and a single column grid)


# Getting Started with the Application

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## To run the application

Please create an environment file with the extension .env in the project directory.

Create a variable REACT_APP_SERVER_API_KEY to hold the authorization key.
Sample: REACT_APP_SERVER_API_KEY = "API_KEY"

Run the following command to install all the required dependencies.

### `npm install`

The following scripts help run and build the app.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

Commit message:

Update Readme to include filter changes

README.md, after:

# Tretton37 Assignment on an Employee Directory

This project includes the following functionalities.

The base app layout with employee contact information rendered with data from the API

Responsive design to limited sizes(4-column, 3-column and a single column grid)

Filter by Office Location and Employee Name


# Getting Started with the Application

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## To run the application

Please create an environment file with the extension .env in the project directory.

Create a variable REACT_APP_SERVER_API_KEY to hold the authorization key.
Sample: REACT_APP_SERVER_API_KEY = "API_KEY"

Run the following command to install all the required dependencies.

### `npm install`

The following scripts help run and build the app.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!
